There is one more thing
before they inform,
that's the last section,
that is pretty simple.
That what if after hitting odd,
I wanna go back.
Okay?
So I wanna go back I when I do this.
Do you understand what
I'm trying to do here?
So if I hit add, I wanna go back.
That's typically the behavior because
if not, you're still on macchiato.
So I don't like that.
So, to make it work, we're going to use,
for the first time and
the last time for today, another
kind of environment variable, okay?
Instead of environment object
we are just going to call
an environment without something else.
Okay, environment, like this.
And we're going to, first I'm not
in the right place so I'm sorry,
I'm going to that again.
So what we need to do,
we need to go to details page.
This is the one that we want and
in details page,
what we need is an environment variable.
It's called and a variable.
And we are going to call this dismiss,
okay?
Just that dismiss.
And okay, it says,
something is missing here.
Well, environment receives an argument.
And we're going to use some special
syntax here, that is called a path.
So forward slash dot.
And here we have a lot of things that we
can read from the context, from the OS.
Okay?
So the time zone, the calendar,
the color scheme so you can know
if you're in dark mode or not and
there is a dismiss function.
It's actually a function.
So with this, you can kind of bring as
a dependency, things from the west,
the screen size, the current orientation,
the current locale, so the language.
And this means, it's something that I
can do then, after adding to the cart.
It's a function actually.
So I can call the function, okay?
So it's a way to inject
things from the US.
So now if I hit add one, it goes back.
>> That's good, just real two quick ones.
>> Yeah.
>> Alamofire.
One question is, is there a reason
why you didn't use like a pot?
Or what's the difference between adding-
>> Okay, so
the question is around crockpots.
So we use, for our dependency, for
Alamofire, we use Swift dependencies.
There is a package manager built in Xcode.
But that package manager didn't exist,
a few years ago.
So the community came with an idea.
Similar to NPM, that is a community base,
originally at least it
was community based.
So one of these solutions
is called CocoaPods, okay?
But it's not created by Apple and
it's not integrated with Xcode.
But it's a solution and I could say
probably the most used solution out there,
for iOS developers, but
because this wasn't available before,
the Swift package manager
was not available before.
So you have CocoaPods,
there is also another one called Carthage.
Okay, so
we use the one that we have Xcode, but
if you wanna use CocoaPods and
add the dependency using CocoaPods,
it's okay, fine
>> And
was there a better benefit of using
Alamo fire versus the native HTTP kind?
>> Less code.
>> I see.
>> Yeah, Alamofire it's actually
using the API from the west anyway.
But it's less code for most of the things
just was, like the Fetch API JavaScript,
compare with the old XML, HTTP request,
just to give you a web comparison.
Okay?
>> One more question.
>> Yeah, sure.
>> Sorry.
The In is still throwing me off,
like crazy.
>> The In, yeah.
So the In,
let me see if I have one somewhere.
No, here we have one in orders page.
So the In were appears, no.
This is going to manual page, here.
So every time you're creating,
this is a closure.
A closure is a function.
The function can receive arguments, okay?
And you need to name those
arguments if you want.
So to name those arguments,
you use the In, before the In,
you map the incoming arguments with names,
with local variable names.
Names.
Again look at this, in,
if you know JavaScript,
this is like in JavaScript,
the example you have there.
Like having a for
each function that receives something,
menu and as a second argument
a function with category.
Okay?
So this category that you set here,
is this category here but
in this case, you put that in there, why?
>> This is the order of the Inconel,
throws you off the sound like in,
I mean it's the-
>> I mean what is weird,
I know it's weird, I got used to it,
but I know it's weird,
is that the signature is
actually after the calibrates.
Because our functions in
JavaScript also have this, but
the name of the arguments goes before.
>> Right.
>> As a prefix.
But here they are in the code book.
And how do you separate
your code from the name of
your argument with the In expression?
>> Did they just make it
probably quick kinda and-
>> By the way, Kotlin and other languages,
they're using the same idea.
Not In, but it's kind of the same thing.
They're also putting this inside
the closure, inside the lambda expression.
So it's kind of a mother and father.